- time_to_learn: 03:00
- core: true
- section: Instructor Onboarding

# !description
Define key instructional terms and identify where they can be referenced in the future.
# !end-description

## !success-criteria

- Subject: High-level category for skills and/or behaviors used to group standards
- Standard: A high-level description of what every student will be able to do by the end of the course.
- Success Criteria: Criteria for determining mastery of a standard. Success criteria are written during the High Level Planning phase of curriculum design.
- Objective: A specific, measurable statement about what the student will do in the context of a lesson. Objectives are written in the “lesson planning” phase of curriculum design.
- Check for Understanding: A Check for Understanding is a prompt/task that gives students an opportunity to demonstrate their learning. At Galvanize, we use the term “challenge” to refer to CFUs that students respond to in the LMS.
- Exercise: A stand-alone practice opportunity composed of one or more challenges that is not mastery tracked. Ideally, exercises provide students with multiple ‘at bats’.
- Challenge: In the Galvanize LMS, a challenge is anything that requires the student to submit a response through Learn. Challenges are building blocks that can act as inline CFUs within an article or be combined to create an exercise or assessment.
Assessment: An authentic performance task aligned to a standard and used to measure mastery of standards. A collection of one or more standard-aligned challenges used to assess mastery.
- Intervention: Anything intended to lead students to master the standards.
- Mastery: Fluent, consistent performance of a skill at the intended level of rigor.
- Mastery Score:
  - 0- Has not been assessed yet / no data
  - 1- Novice - met none of the criteria
  - 2- Emerging - met some criteria but not all
  - 3- Mastery - met all of the criteria
- Curriculum: Standards, success criteria, assessments, exercises, challenges and instructional content (including path) encoded in the LMS. In other words, the corpus of instructional materials written down/captured in the LMS.

-Unpack/Explain the meaning behind each key term definition in their own words.
  - Domain
  - Standard
  - Success Criteria
  - Objective
  - Check for Understanding
  - Exercise
  - Challenge
  - Assessment
  - Intervention
  - Mastery
  - Mastery Score

- Identifies the Instructional Design Glossary as the place to find the definition of these terms and identifies where it can be found.

## !end-success-criteria

## !assessment

- automated: false

Define each of the following key terms in 2 - 4 sentences: [terms].
First, recite the official definition as found in the (instructional design glossary)[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Zsc5FaxWjuaej4MR6F1kXhP0k_Vk1P4r1SUtbfCOnRk/edit#heading=h.phchukqrpx9h], then define it in your own words.
Where can you find the official, shared definition of these terms if you forget them later? Paste a link below:

## !end-assessment

